Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 22]
Give...
this man to me.
Ms. Soo Jung?
I've liked the sous chef
for all the time.
I can't stand to watch you treat
him like this anymore.
You like a man who says
that he likes another woman?
Yes, I like the sous chef.
You don't want him anyway,
so give him to me.
You can have him.
But you know, this guy has
liked me for eight years.
It won't be easy for you
to win him over.
It won't be difficult, Ms. Soo Jung.
I've fallen for you because of your
reaction just now, Ms. Soo Jung.
Won Joon!
What?
I belong to Ms. Soo Jung as of now, so
get her permission before saying my name.
Won Joon!
Bye.
Fine, bye.
Let's go, Ms. Soo Jung.
Sure.
I'm sorry.
Did I seem that pathetic to you?
Well, Ms. Hong Ah seems to
be the competitive type
so I thought she might be nicer to you
if I said that I liked you, Sous Chef.
Sorry for overstepping.
I went along with it
because I agree with you.
I can't maintain this kind of
relationship with her forever.
Are you forgiving me, then?
Thank you for the lie.
It made my heart skip a beat to know that
there's a woman who wants me that much
if only for a moment.
I wasn't lying.
I'll head out and get to work, then.
It must be nice to get a paycheck
even when you're so lazy.
No, I'm working right now!
A director and a writer need to be
close for them to produce good work.
Do you know how important
a project like "Good Soup" is to me?
Oh, whatever!
Stop shooting people's faces so
that they look so big and jiggly!
Why do you do that?
Haven't you ever heard of
explor... I mean, adventurousness?
Exactly!
Don't experiment with this project!
Wow, that smells amazing.
I thought you said that
you're not having any!
I said that because you always
make me feel so self-conscious!
Well, you have to be
a man of your word.
Wait, what should I do?
People can say what they want.
It doesn't mean that you're
committed to it, Writer Hwangbo.
Don't say anything. Keep your word, or
don't even start a conversation with me!
Geez.
Oh, looks like Hyun Soo is back!
Hyun Soo met Yoo Hye Jung!
Huh?
What brings you here, Director?
What brings you here, Writer Ji?
I was in the area and came by
because I'm hungry.
Kyung, give me some food.
Oh, did you make ramen?
You really have an astute sense of smell.
Hey, you can't give it to just Writer Ji
and not me! That's not fair!
I told you not to talk to me!
Did you see her off?
Yeah.
I chatted with her as if
she were an old friend.
I'm happy that both of you like
each other more now that you've met.
She likes me?
Yeah.
If she didn't, she wouldn't have
stayed here this long.
She's really busy.
That makes me so happy.
I like her even more now
that I've met her, too.
Since you're already here,
let's have dinner together.
I'm... just going to head home.
Let's not drag our personal
feelings into work.
Both of us have to eat
to survive, after all.
Do I need to say this twice?
Let's go to Good Soup.
Business has been bad for them lately.
We have to help them
make sales.
He'll be even more annoyed if we
meet where he can't see us.
We have to meet anyway,
since we work together.
Fine, let's go.
When did you two start dating?
Who are you talking about?
Why are you playing coy?
I'm talking about you
and Director Kim.
You have really peculiar taste in men.
I'm right in front of you,
you know, Writer Ji.
Hey!
You told me that you
were hungry, so I fed you
so why are you saying crazy things now?
Why would I date Director Kim?
You two aren't dating?
It seems like you two
are dating to me.
Are you two flirting?
Figures, this isn't the time for
you to be dating right now.
You'll be 30 soon.
How long are you going to
mooch off Hyun Soo?
Hey!
I'm only saying this
because I'm your friend.
Men are useless. There's no
need to depend on one!
Have some more ambition, Kyung!
You have to win a script-writing
competition and make your debut!
Wow.
How can you say such harsh things
as if they're nothing?
I know you said that
you two aren't dating
but why did you wear
that dress today, then?
And at home, at that?
Well, of course she'd wear it at home.
She wouldn't wear that outside.
She barely ever goes out.
But Ms. Kyung is so nice!
Do you know how hard it is to be nice?
Writers don't become nice, especially
after they make their debut!
I'll be going now! Tell Hyun Soo
to call me when she gets here.
What's gotten into him?
I don't know!
What's with him?
I'll head inside.
Please write a wine list that
pairs well with sea bass.
I'm going to put it
on my next menu.
Yes, Chef.
You didn't tell me that
you'd be coming!
But we have such a relationship that
I can drop by unannounced.
We're here to have dinner together
after meeting with Ms. Yoo Hye Jung.
Oh.
Please show them to a table.
Yes, Chef.
This way, please.
You come over too, Mr. Jung Seon.
Later.
Did CEO Park and Hyun Soo
come here together?
Yeah.
Hey, Kyung Soo.
Are you done cooking that?
Yes, Sir!
Are you uncomfortable?
Yes.
I feel guilty even though
I did nothing wrong. I wonder why.
You're so funny.
What do you mean?
You're always so honest
about how you feel.
Wow.
I've fallen for you because of your
reaction just now, Ms. Soo Jung.
Won Joon!
I belong to Ms. Soo Jung as of now, so
get her permission before saying my name.
I've liked the sous chef
this entire time.
I can't stand to watch you treat
him like this anymore.
Give this man to me.
Is this real life?
[Hong Ah]
This caller cannot be reached.
[High Society]
Love really sucks.
He's acting like he's a hot item
by doing things like this?
Let's leave now.
I need to work.
All right.
I'm going to go see
Mr. Jung Seon before I go.
All right.
I can see you for a bit before
I leave, right, Mr. Jung Seon?
Let's see each other later.
I'll call you.
I have something to
discuss with Jung Woo.
Ms. Hyun Soo and I love one another.
I know that.
Do you keep telling me that
because I make you nervous?
Or, are you saying it to yourself?
I know it'll be difficult
for you to get over her
but shouldn't you
stop all of this now?
I'll be the one to decide
whether or not I'll stop.
Does it piss you off that
I'm acting this way?
Yeah, quite a bit.
I kept thinking...
about why you were mad at me,
when I didn't do anything to you.
I thought about it
and you weren't exactly
completely innocent, either.
The woman you were telling me about
in Paris was Hyun Soo, after all.
You said that you'd meet her again,
and that you'd introduce me to her.
So, why didn't you tell me?
My emotions were too intense for me
to be able to tell anyone about them.
When you asked me to
let you cameo on "Foul Detective"
you said you did it, knowing
that Hyun Soo was the writer.
You didn't tell me then, either.
For the same reason.
Why do I need to explain myself to you?
You said you'd hang out with me,
then you cancelled on me.
Because you went to Yeosu with Hyun Soo.
Immature, isn't it?
This is what it looks like when
two men fight over a woman.
Can you stand it?
I can.
Because my entire life has been
me fighting, and winning.
And I've always gotten
what I wanted.
If you're going to be like this,
I can play this game too.
But love takes two.
You can't do it alone.
No matter how much we fight,
neither of us will truly win.
So why should I have to
engage in this sort of fight?
You don't need to fight since
you already have what you want
but that's not the case for me.
Do you think nothing will change
even when I'm rocking the boat?
No, nothing will change.
We loved each other even
while we were apart.
Then enjoy your
unchanging love.
I'm going to keep
rocking the boat, though.
This is my way of being kind to myself
for loving one woman for four years
without making a single move.
What about our friendship?
Our true friendship begins now.
Let's both give it our all,
Ohn Jung Seon.
Let's see each other later.
I'll call you.
I have to talk to Jung Woo.
We're here to eat dinner together
after meeting Ms. Yoo Hye Jung.
Oh.
Please show them to their seats.
I can't stop thinking about this.
I thought about it...
and it's most important that
nothing changes between us.
No matter who tries to test our love.
But...
you might get shaken up
if someone is rocking the boat.
Why isn't he contacting me?
Then enjoy your
unchanging love.
I'm going to keep
rocking the boat, though.
[DF Ver] E22 Temperature of Love "Let Me Have Him"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Did you wash your hair?
No. I usually wash
my hair in the morning.
I took a shower.
You came out after
you took a shower?
Yeah.
I usually don't go out for anyone
after taking a shower, but I'm here.
You must really like me.
Yeah, I like you a whole lot.
What can I get you?
Hm.
Some expensive Blue Mountain coffee.
Is this a new dish
you're working on?
Yeah, I'm going to switch
out the entrée.
Is your restaurant suffering
from a huge deficit?
You're being nosy again!
Sorry.
But after I started doing
research at Good Soup
I ended up hearing about
a lot of different things.
Will you be able to sleep
if you drink coffee now?
It doesn't matter.
I'm well-acquainted with caffeine.
You're not having any?
I won't be able to sleep if I do.
Here, I'll hear you out now.
I can't give you a solution.
That's up to you to find,
since it's your problem.
I chose to go on the show to
get the restaurant out of the red.
But that kind of thing
doesn't suit me.
I don't like competing to win something.
Didn't you go into debt when
you opened Good Soup?
Are you checking up on
my debts now, too?
No, I'm just asking!
There aren't many people who
could open a place like this
with their own money, after all.
Jung Woo was my investor.
Oh.
I see.
Does that make you uncomfortable?
What do you mean?
Are you afraid that your
feelings for me might waver?
Isn't that why you ran over here
at this hour of the night?
No, Mr. Ohn Jung Seon.
You're getting ahead of yourself.
It's true that I am uneasy
because of you, though.
I'm afraid that you'll doubt me and
think that I was leading him on.
You were with Jung Woo
the entire time that I was gone.
I won't try to get that
time back for myself.
So don't worry about that.
Thanks.
- But you know...
- Yeah?
In my opinion, if Good Soup
is going to get out of the red
the best way to make that happen
is to get a Michelin star.
That's not "competing to win," per se.
What?
You said you'd only listen, but now
you're giving me solutions, too?
- Did I do good?
- Yeah, you did.
I've always been good
at repaying people for feeding me.
And you're still acting like
you're amazing, as always, I see.
Surely by now you can
just say that I'm amazing
instead of saying that I'm acting.
No.
- I'm going home!
- No, you can't!
I'm going to go home!
I rode my bike here.
I'll bring it over to you
tomorrow. Let's just walk.
All right.
Want to hold hands?
Hello.
Oh, hey.
CEO Park is waiting for you.
It's been a while.
No news is still news.
But I'm here to see you again
because I need a favor.
What is it?
I have nobody I can rely on
but you, CEO Park.
My Jung Seon is going
through a rough time.
He's so innocent that
he can't understand his mother.
Sometimes, being family
makes things easier
but sometimes it
makes things harder.
It's so difficult to understand.
I know that I've messed up.
But I can't help that things
keep going wrong.
I told you that I used
some of his inheritance
because I got involved in
some money trouble, right?
And you told me that Jung Seon
took your economic freedom, too.
Exactly! He was a force to be
reckoned with, even as a kid!
He has all this money, but I never see
it again once he gets his hands on it.
I'm sure he'll help me if I get in
trouble, though, since I'm his mom.
How much do you need, exactly?
Well, the thing is...
old habits really are
hard to break.
I can't stop spending so much.
I'll pay you back.
Everything will be solved
as soon as Professor Min
sells just one expensive painting.
Come on in!
Oh, you're here too, Kyung?
Yes!
- Welcome!
- Hello!
Hey.
Are you sure we're not getting
in the way of your work?
But still, they need to eat.
Yeah, we need to eat.
Unfortunately, we don't have
much food here, though.
You think we'd tell you
to give us food?
We came to buy you food, of course!
- Right, Honey?
- Yay!
Yeah, of course!
Where do you want to go?
Oh, do you want to go to that place
that was closed last time?
They're probably open today, right?
And where is that, exactly?
[Lee Hyun Soo]
Hello?
What are you up to?
Getting some ingredients.
I'm thinking about coming to
Good Soup for lunch.
All right.
Who are you coming with?
Or are you coming alone?
My mom, my dad, and Kyung.
What?
Um... oh. So a reservation
for four, then, right?
I've already made the reservation.
Do you want to introduce yourself
to my parents, Mr. Jung Seon?
If that's too much, we'll just
eat and leave.
I want to introduce myself.
Okay.
See you later!
- You're here, Ma'am?
- Hey.
You get more and more beautiful
every time I see you.
Those types of greetings
are inappropriate.
- They are?
- They are.
Right?
I'll show you to your seats.
Why are you changing the subject?
Is it because you're uncomfortable?
Yes, a bit.
I don't want Professor Min
to feel insulted.
See? This means that
she doesn't want to hear such things.
- I'm sorry.
- It's fine.
You don't have any
customers today, either?
We have one reservation.
So we're finally getting
to try this place!
Who cares about the food right now,
when Hyun Soo's boyfriend is the chef?
I'm just so happy!
Chef Ohn is really amazing!
He's handsome, cool, and sweet!
Oh Kyung, you're just so honest.
Oh goodness, look at these two!
Ah, what a load off my shoulders.
- All right, let's go in.
- Okay.
- Let's go.
- All right.
All right.
Hello, Writer Lee.
These are my parents.
Excuse me, where's the bathroom?
Oh, it's that way.
Allow me to escort you.
I'll escort her, since I
know this place pretty well.
This way, Mom.
- Go on!
- Yeah.
My parents are here.
Let's go downstairs.
Later! My mom
went to the bathroom.
Why are you stealing glances at me?
Feel free to just stare instead.
I'm sorry.
Here you go.
I think Hyun Soo went to
go get her boyfriend.
Oh.
What's so funny?
Don't use your phone so much.
You'll ruin your eyesight.
Looks like you're really
getting old now, Honey.
Yeah, maybe I should get Lasik, like you.
I was able to get Lasik
because I have good eyes
but that's not the case for you, Honey!
Well, yeah. People say
that I have a baby face
but you're the one
who really looks young.
What do you want to eat?
They only have one set menu.
Oh yeah.
- Honey.
- Yeah?
Don't those people seem
a bit weird to you?
Who?
- What? What is it?
- Look.
Don't stare!
They don't look like
they're married, right, Kyung?
Yes. They don't look like average folks.
But they do seem like lovers.
I bet that there's a huge age
difference between them.
Ugh, seriously?
She's been stealing glances
at me since I saw her in the bathroom.
How annoying.
Who?
She's not looking at me anymore.
I guess it's a family lunch.
We do stand out compared to other people.
Don't take it so personally.
You're so reliable at
times like these, Honey.
Why isn't Hyun Soo coming?
Ugh.
Shall we head downstairs now?
Shall we?
Are you nervous?
A little.
I'll do my best, so that
your parents like me.
You don't need to do anything.
They'll probably like you even if
all you do is stand still.
Because you're handsome.
Okay.
Oh, Honey!
Hey!
Hyun Soo!
[Thank you to Park Shin Hye
for her guest appearance]
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Temperature of Love]
The results for the second round of
consultations for Good Soup are out.
Fire two of the front-of-house people,
and the youngest cook.
What if I say no?
What if he loses his
investment because of you?
Are you confident that you won't mix
your personal feelings into your work?
- Are you dating Soo Jung?
- I'm tired of this one-sidedness.
Be nice to Won Joon instead of
losing him and regretting it later.
Did something happen
between you and CEO Park?
Tell me why you two had a falling-out.
This is not what you promised.
It hasn't been a year yet.
Is this the immature fight over
a woman that you mentioned earlier?
Using work to test our love?
Are you giving up already?
I've only just begun, though.
[Monday night at 10 p.m...]